output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_8658.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_45757.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_59303.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_26424.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_11158.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_46700.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_4020.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_61929.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_23841.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_5768.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_51808.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_41418.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_56313.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_36827.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_7516.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_57020.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_36706.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_3041.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_48286.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_1745.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_22409.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_47238.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_5677.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_47479.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_33292.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_46896.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_27486.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_67743.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_13139.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_9958.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_17039.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_29086.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_43298.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_61724.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_aa_65446.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_46821.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_37958.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_56108.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_12737.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_25113.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_54091.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_44487.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_71107.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_727.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_60957.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_405.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_30322.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_41412.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_21128.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_18143.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_44932.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_30590.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_71812.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_37179.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_70165.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_29434.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_35523.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_71050.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_25173.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_28135.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_33420.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_1562.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_20924.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_62005.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_21916.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_9112.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_41839.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_24762.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_64857.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_27259.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_39066.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_57534.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_64196.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_15625.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_9191.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_65851.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_44424.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_33283.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_22117.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_67289.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_47485.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_61853.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_10128.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_36097.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_30578.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_29138.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_60305.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_32886.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_63924.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_15349.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_18620.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_36321.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_63790.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_64192.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_13626.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_54761.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_42902.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_2290.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_55148.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_20534.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_9810.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_10131.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_71981.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_60680.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_72094.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_19232.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_4934.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_29651.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_31912.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_37742.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_36181.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_7277.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_32402.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_55702.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_4680.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_32616.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_51926.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_16044.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_1715.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_20119.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_16575.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_55200.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_49323.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_57251.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_31543.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_44515.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_33744.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_47264.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_68972.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_37699.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_27325.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_36793.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_37556.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_46482.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_5185.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_5087.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_73130.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_14025.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_58136.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_42199.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_29489.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_71580.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_21531.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_28918.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_73221.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_47876.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_1288.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_51760.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_30301.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_70607.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_19023.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_63700.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_15248.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_45185.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_14833.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_27985.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_25222.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_934.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_20989.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_29306.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_22930.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_65684.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_54379.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_44294.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_10331.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_41687.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_38582.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_26656.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_13243.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_65994.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_7943.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_37820.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_35963.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_3690.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_pack_17864.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_29717.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_72828.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_14904.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_56651.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_12176.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_43581.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_43026.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_8855.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_55120.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_6764.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_64804.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_37677.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_51631.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_21549.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_64507.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_16166.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_14593.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_17420.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_8475.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_11304.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_55548.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_16955.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_54067.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_18419.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_23102.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_23289.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_1889.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_57910.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_52610.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_59151.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_6030.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_5891.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_38778.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_11967.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_29055.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_7918.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_26220.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_40434.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_63892.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_31554.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_16128.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_25299.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_15946.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_4526.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_51363.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_24680.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_21047.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_1929.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_14382.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_61330.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_2662.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_40497.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_32946.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_64479.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_32292.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_66354.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_31368.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_42727.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_52208.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_25124.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_37297.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_23650.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_24377.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_8454.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_28042.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_27015.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_62802.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_27881.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_aa_min_47918.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_21788.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_17015.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_31782.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_19737.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_25467.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_19324.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_41229.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_3045.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_17874.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_43704.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_23874.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_17222.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_20835.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_13653.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_66990.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_14426.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_65988.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_44796.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_26965.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_32477.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_45482.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_12009.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_46025.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_46298.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_12231.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_10928.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_40801.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_62658.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_58001.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_67471.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_61644.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_25626.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_66067.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_9352.gz
output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_core/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_core_DesignRelax_noaa_min_59107.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_17217.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_58624.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_70609.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_7340.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_49578.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_21165.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_60244.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_55073.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_21187.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_29042.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_57960.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_3364.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_41992.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_44249.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_10063.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_11930.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_24078.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_64711.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_13636.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_61240.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_60243.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_23572.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_23611.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_37820.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_23097.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_68559.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_29912.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_51903.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_10373.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_24896.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_21229.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_62186.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_31654.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_66580.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_pack_39877.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_31840.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_41672.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_62802.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_42439.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_52055.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_587.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_41676.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_17385.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_9794.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_18834.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_37303.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_57031.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_47029.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_4984.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_72509.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_36358.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_51513.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_56945.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_60520.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_24261.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_42537.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_31887.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_21369.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_37887.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_54489.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_884.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_2505.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_6517.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_34672.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_59948.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_40920.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_24856.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_12218.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_3535.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_38479.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_7478.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_9527.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_1997.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_47357.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_35044.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_11481.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_69342.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_34184.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_28106.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_29647.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_27286.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_31700.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_1587.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_67278.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_40108.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_65627.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_67604.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_66519.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_43097.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_43250.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_5334.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_63964.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_41354.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_26556.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_56071.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_30827.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_18767.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_45547.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_27358.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_50728.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_35943.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_27714.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_54192.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_11463.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_pack/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_pack_23895.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_45635.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_22400.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_61446.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_34229.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_7871.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_28365.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_32156.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_56646.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_57684.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_21353.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_62134.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_34776.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_30989.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_66024.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_6091.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_49681.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_54622.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_8539.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_22691.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_40314.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_63027.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_64063.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_65504.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_69340.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_24638.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_18834.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_59720.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_16362.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_24325.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_9566.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_17149.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_14160.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_58580.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_19717.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_55037.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_42785.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_44105.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_45858.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_32408.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_70203.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_30502.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_30781.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_4947.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_26368.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_57424.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_39845.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_30105.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_14169.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_48539.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_47989.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_4396.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_30091.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_38598.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_56931.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_12302.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_36954.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_14672.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_8178.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_64975.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_48195.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_53384.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_71419.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_50109.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_37843.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_45980.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_4801.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_72041.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_10170.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_51822.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_aa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_min_41210.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_70986.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_66748.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_26253.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_67206.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_16791.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_14196.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_52077.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_50303.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_63424.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_30158.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_15678.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_1263.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_48184.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_28121.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_62861.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_16248.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_72131.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_71998.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_53777.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_72094.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_5248.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_22406.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_32024.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_71493.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_19096.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_24372.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_38103.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_62770.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_21812.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_62483.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_45757.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_49900.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_41235.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_72488.gz
output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min output/FFL_binder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa_min/classicFFL_FFL_binder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_min_13788.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_60363.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_32883.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_15536.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_35741.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_32876.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_50964.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_45400.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_59730.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_64564.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_8860.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_45916.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_6421.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_19635.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_44029.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_35479.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_10961.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_61926.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_38164.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_50634.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_35368.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_42444.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_5339.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_15983.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_60271.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_1462.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_37650.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_55995.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_29021.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_64319.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_43992.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_73558.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_5733.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_6661.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_39310.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_aa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_aa_16991.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_29381.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_72460.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_20181.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_58972.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_39257.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_48799.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_34768.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_37618.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_26698.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_69437.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_2977.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_66874.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_29791.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_6555.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_30092.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_34603.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_25427.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_8146.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_40077.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_23106.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_543.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_38316.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_2748.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_11094.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_35377.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_17984.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_72386.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_30229.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_14748.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_14807.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_43489.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_2205.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_72963.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_66836.gz
output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa output/FFL_nobinder_motif/DesignRelax_noaa/classicFFL_FFL_nobinder_motif_DesignRelax_noaa_53036.gz
